Hi Andy, so today's video is
about a product called Elevate from ICI Lombard, a health insurance company. Basically, this video is
not a promotional video for us, it's a
product related
information video. So this is not a
promotional video at all. I
think this product is good.  So,
what are the basic coverages in this and what are the amazing add-ons
and coverages that have been given in this?  So
this
video contains full information about those coverages and the coverages that come with a basic policy.
And a small request is that for
those of you who are watching our channel for the first time, our
channel will have almost all the insurance-related
information you need
.  So, in some way, a
video will definitely help you in some critical time
.  So please
subscribe and please like this
video. So before we go into the product, let's
discuss what the basic coverages are.  So, the base sum
insured in the policy starts from a minimum of 5 lakhs,
5, 7.5, 10, 15, 20, 25, and
we have the option to opt for a sum insured of up to 3 crores.  And for
this, we can take out a policy with a minimum entry age of 18
years and a maximum of 125 years
.  So there is no age restriction in this,
we can purchase the policy at any age
.  And
we have the option to purchase a policy for a maximum of two adults and three kids.  And the
best part is that we also have the option to purchase a policy for one year, two
years, three years at a time, or three
years at a time
.  So, by purchasing three years at a time,
we get a maximum discount of up to 7.5%. If
we take care of the basic coverages in this policy, there will
be no restrictions on inpatient treatment if we take care of the basic coverages.  This means that we have
room rent capping, so we will
give you this amount for the room, that amount is 1%,
2%, and we are eligible for a single bed AC room, whether it is
5 lakhs
or 3 crores, there are no such
restrictions.
And in addition to this, we have pre- and post-
hospitalization, which means 90 days before we are admitted to the hospital and
180 days after we are discharged. This is called pre- and post-
hospitalization. So, if
we submit all the bills related to our scans or other reports that were done 90 days before we were admitted to the hospital,
pre-hospitalization will be covered up to 90 days. And
after we are discharged from the hospital, if the doctor's
prescription says to
take so-and-so treatment or get physiotherapy,
we have the opportunity to bill for those things up to 180 days
.  And the best part is that
we also have a day care treatment, which
means we have a like-minded contract.  This is a
maximum of 30 minutes or one-day
treatment, meaning it can be completed within one day and can be completed
in one to two hours.
After a certain waiting period, we will be paid up to the maximum amount of the institute,
meaning that
no matter how much we
have, the total
amount will be paid by the company
.  And how do you cover donor expenses? Suppose
someone else donates their kidney for kidney transplantation, and there
is a donor, so the
hospitalization expenses incurred by them are also
paid by the insurance company, up to a maximum of some amount.  So
this is called donor expense coverage.
And in addition, if we have a domiciliary
hospitalization, like hospitalization at home, and the
doctor suggests it and
certifies that you can receive treatment at home,
we can also reimburse the related expenses
.  And another coverage has
come and we have Ayush treatment like Manaki Ayush
Unani Siddha, these will give you an idea
.  So, even AYUSH-related
treatment is
covered under this.  And we can
also do this as cashless reimbursement,
or if we have cashless
treatment there, we can get cashless treatment
or we can get it as reimbursement by putting in bills.
And another coverage comes and we have
air ambulance cover, which means that whatever
ambulance we have, whatever the cost of
going from our house to the hospital,
that too, up to the maximum sub-
insure of 1500 or 2000,
we can also claim in this up to the maximum sub-insure.
But the thing is, apart from
whatever hospital we have near by, without the question of
why you went to another hospital,
whatever charges you incur for the hospital ambulance up to the hospital near by will also be covered in this
.  Another
basic coverage that is built-in is 100%
restoration unlimited times, meaning that
whatever base sumshot we take, it will
automatically be restored once we run out of it and then
automatically restore it again once we turn off the sumshot
.  This is how we can restore unlimited times
.  And another thing is that
we get a loyalty bonus every year
.  That means
we took out a policy for 10 locks and didn't make any claims
.  So 20% so
every year we don't claim, we get a loyalty bonus of 20%, 20%, up to 100%
.
And another thing about this is that there
is also surrogacy coverage. The basic surrogacy
coverage comes in and we are given that maximum 5 lakhs
coverage, maximum 5 lakhs sum included
.  Another basic
coverage is provided, which covers bariatric surgery,
i.e. any treatment we undergo for obesity, as well as any
obesity-
related procedure, up
to the maximum sum insured
.  And the
best part for us is that we can create a wellness program and
install an application called IL Take Care and in it, we can either walk every day
or we can show that we are
healthy. If we walk regularly through the IL Take Care app and show that we are
healthy, we will
give you a maximum discount of up to 30% on renewal
.  And in addition to our
basic coverage, we also have modern
treatment cover. So
you have an idea of ​​what modern treatment cover means.  So, in
this, robotic
surgery related to robotics is called robotic surgery
and immunotherapy and in addition to this, we have
stem cell therapy. All these are also
called modern treatments. All these are
covered in the basic coverage in the basic policy.  And we have
health assistance and IL Take
Care is on the app.
IL Take Care provides assistance to us regarding our health issues.
If we have any health issue related to us, we can contact them there and
tell them about it, and they will provide the
procedures related to it through IL Take
Care.  So
these are the basic coverages in IIC Load
Elevate product.  So all these are basic
coverages and to this we add
additional coverages externally
.  Another
add-on coverage is provided to us, which is called a compensating
visit. This compensating visit means that if
we are hospitalized while we are in the hospital,
our immediate blood relation
or any of our family members travel by
train
or flight to visit the hospital, the
charges related to this visit, the flight, etc., will be covered by our insurance up
to a maximum of 20,000. This compensating visit is an option that
we opt for
.  And
another add-on coverage comes in, which is the
Dependent Accommodation Benefit.  So
this means that if we are hospitalized for a minimum of three days, then what happens is that if we exceed
three days and up to a
maximum of 10 days,
we will get 1000 per day
as accommodation benefit for every day for the dependent, this add-on
coverage will be given to us
.  And another add-on coverage
comes to us, nursing at home.
So if we take any
medication-related
treatment at home with our qualified nurse and the doctor
suggests it, they will give
us a maximum of ₹2000 per day, up to
₹20,000 per day for up to 10 days, by adding this
add-on coverage called nursing at home
.  And
we have another add-on coverage, which is a
medical equipment cover. So in case the
doctor suggests it to us,
we will have
equipment related to medical equipment. In a
situation where we cannot afford air travel,
we will either
rent or purchase the equipment related to air travel, and the
charges related to these or
whatever amount we are liable for will be covered by
this insurance
.  Now, the coverage that I suggest is
100% certain to add, and
we have a claim protector. So this
claim protector means that non-medical
items are covered in this claim protector
.  So I would suggest adding this to 100% maximum
because this will cover non-medical items like gloves, syringes,
bed sheets, etc., all of which will be
covered by the claim protector
.  And along with this, there is
another add-on coverage that needs to be added. If
we have any of these health issues, such as A, B, C, D, Asthma, BP, Cholesterol, or Diabetic,
by adding this add-on called Jump Start, we will get the related benefits immediately
from the 31st day,
unlike the years of waiting period,
we will get this Jump Start from the 31st day
.  And another add-on
coverage comes with a power booster, which
I haven't seen with almost any insurance company.
Because what this entails is that the power
booster, regardless of whether we
claim or not, automatically
gives us a 100% bonus every year
.  So, even if we claim through it, the
no-claim bonus will
not be missed and will continue to increase by 100% every year
.  So this is one of the
best coverages, if you are interested,
you can add it.  And along with this,
we have another added coverage,
Infinite Care. Infinite Care means that
we
have coverage of 10 lakhs for any major claim that may happen to us in our lifetime.  For the supposed
claim, it was either 1 crore, 2 crore, or 3
crores.  By adding this Infinite Care,
we get that
2 crores or 3 crores, whatever the claimed
amount is, once in our life. By
adding this Infinite Care,
we get our claim amount
settled once in our entire lifetime
.  And with this
comes another added coverage, the
maternity benefit, so basically, it is very
useful for a newly married couple
.  This maternity cover means that we get
up to 10% of the sum insured for a sum of 10
lakhs. So, by adding this maternity
benefit on the policy,
we can claim up to 1,00,000 and there is
a certain
waiting period for this. After
you purchase and select one year or two years,
you will get up to
10% of this maternity benefit, that is, 1,000 for 10 lakhs,
so we have the opportunity to claim up to a maximum of 1 lakh
.
Another added benefit is the
convalescence benefit, which means that if an
insured person meets with an
accident and we are
admitted to the hospital and have to stay there for more
than 10 days, the insurance company will pay us
₹20,000 as a one-time benefit
by taking this add-on coverage
.
And another add-on coverage comes in and we get a
room modifier, so we take the base
sum included in the policy and add 57.5 5. This way, we
take the sum included up to the maximum and
we get a single bed AC
room.  So there is no
restriction on this.  Otherwise,
we need to modify the room.  In case
we don't have a suite room, we need a luxury room
or something else.  So by
taking this room modifier coverage,
we have the option to convert it to a
luxury room or suite room under that room modifier
.  And another
best add-on coverage is
annual health checkups.  So,
by adding these annual health checkups and coverages, we can get a maximum of 0.5% to 5% of the sum
insured or up to 5000 of health
checkups, which will be
covered by our insurance.
So these are the all major features
and coverages and
basic policy details and all features and
coverages in ICICI Lombard Elvet
product that I like. So thanks for watching this
video. So we thought this product was good,
so we made this video
.  A small request is that if
you are watching our video for the first time, please
definitely subscribe as valuable insurance-
related information is
always available on our channel.  Thank
you for your time.